"""
This is the place to put control code for various types of systems (e.g. AV, Building Management).
The core purpose is for separation of concerns. Each concern should be as isolated as possible,
taking advantage of the framework structure and helper modules.

Examples:

* AV devices
* Building management systems
  * Lighting
  * HVAC
* Cloud Services
"""
"""
This file defines the control for the advanced settings sliders. Depending on which slider gets changed, 
the scalar gets told the value it was changed to. The user moves the slider where they want it and that 
value is passed in the set function. On startup, default values are set and the sliders are filled to 
a certain level. 
"""
"""
This file defines the BluRay control response. When a button is pressed, the matching command
is sent out. Buttons are named by commands to simplify the logic. Certain set commands take 
different arguments such as SetTransport() or SetMenuControl(). Using button names simplifies
the program and allows me to define different lists of buttons. If a matching button is found, 
it takes the name of that button and sends the command. The same goes for subtitle with my own defined 
SetSubtitle() command in the module file for the BluRay device. 

The disk tray is a special case. There is only an open and close command, but no way for me to know 
if the tray is already open or closed in the extron module. To work around this I define my own 
Tray commands, using the disk tray commands provided but based on status the device sends me. 

Using SendAndWait() I can ask the device for its status on some command, and assign the response to a variable. 
By decoding the variable I can check if a certain string is in the response and do something if it is. 
In this case if the tray is open, the device sends back a string with TTO included. There are more parts to the
string but that's the only difference between open and closed. Closed responds TTC. If the string returned 
has TTO in it, I send the tray command to close. Otherwise, I send the open command. 
"""
"""
This control file handles the response for the up, down, and mute buttons for both program and microphone.
It utilizes the SubscribeStatus() method to keep track of states for volume mute and level. 

The basic idea is that when a button is pressed, for example the mute program button, the touchpanel 
queries the switcher for the current value. The switcher returns either 'On' or 'Off'. If the value 
is 'On' the program sets it to 'Off' and vice versa. If the command sends successfully, the switcher 
sees there's a change in the value state and calls the SubscribeStatus feedback handler which is defined 
in this file. This feedback handler sets the visual feedback of the button pressed dependent on the value 
passed by the SubscribeStatus command. 

Visual feedback done in this way means it stays consistent with the device state rather than with the 
user input. If the user presses the button but the device doesn't change state, then the button doesn't 
represent the changed state, it remains in the current state. This does add a slight delay on press
but the delay is very short. 

For volume control the inc() and dec() methods are used. This steps the level bar up and then sends the value
of the level bar to the device. There is a recorrection if the bar steps past where the last device value was
received. If the user enters commands too fast for the device to respond sometimes it won't get every inc() or
dec() command so the bar will adjust to the devices value when stabalized. 
"""
"""
The source control file handles switching inputs based on button input. It also takes in a popup list
and switches popups depending on what input was selected. It also includes the laptop feedback which 
informs the user if their laptop was detected or not. This feedback also uses the SubscribeStatus() 
function to keep track of the input signal status on input 2 where the winder cable terminates. 

In this file is also shutdown control instructions, telling the projector to turn off and telling 
the switcher to swap to input 3 (the cynap) which is the default in all room shutdown processes. 
In the next revision there will be relay commands on shutdown to handle the mic drawer closing. 
"""