"""
This is the place to put the modules for each UI in the system.  One module for each unique ui --
mirrored panels should be in the same file.
* UI object definition
* UI navigation
"""

"""
--- Code Structure ---

Import statements:
System for MESet - used to group the input buttons together
UI for Button and Label - define all UI objects referenced including text objects
Module Support for eventEx - allows user defined functions to control devices and do actions

Device imports - Touchpanel for UI interaction and the 1808 switcher for source and audio control - Audio may be removed at later revision
Variables - A list of button event types allowing for different responses based on button state

UI Files - Where other sections of the UI are defined such as BluRay control, the Advanced Settings popup, and the passcode page
UI is split between different files for organizaitional purposes. Having multiple files for UI objects makes each file smaller and easier to handle
Control for these UI objects is included in the Control folder where a majority of the external device interaction is defined. 
The only remaining control is the 1808 switcher's audio control on shutdown routine which will be moved soon

MAIN PAGE
This is where all main page buttons are defined including source selection buttons, shutdown buttons, and the advanced settings popup.
This section also includes help popups from different selected sources and the overall help button (still undefined). 
"""
"""
Advanced Settings Page

The advanced settings popup has a lot of buttons on it that I decided to make seperate from the main page.
It includes a passcode for the advanced audio settings and projector controls
The passcode runs the same structure as the main page passcode except that it only compares to the hardcoded passcode and not the SFTP passcode

Button definitions follow the same structure as any otherfile and the import statements are mostly the same

The current method of projector control ignores status returned by the projector. 
Rev 1.0.2 will change this to be more similar to the method used in the 3105 or 3201 room. 
That method utilizes the SubscribeStatus() function to affect visual change to a projector on a button press. 
The button in the tlp file will only be its definition and not its control. All control will be in the Control file corresponding to this one
"""

""" Projector Control uses a mutual set to make sure only one button gets highlighted when the projector is on or off
    The new revision allows the button definition to set the state of the projector then call the update. Button feedback then 
    will reflect the current state of the projector so if the command didn't work, it's easy to tell the state of the projector
    and press the button again if it didn't stick. It also follows the state of the projector constatly, so if it gets turned on by 
    the user selcting a source, the button will stay consistent. The same method will be used for Blank Image"""

""" Technician Access Code takes only 1 password. It again uses a set of buttons with the names 0-9 to append to a string for comparison
    A dictionary could be used with the original button names, but because the names don't need to be unique I can have mutltiple buttons
    with the same name so long as they have distinct ID numbers. The technician passcode is seperate from the main page pascode by a number 
    if ID numbers, meaning it can use the exact same structure but with different variable names.
    
    The Buttons get added to a list. I have two blank strings, one for the comparison and one for the * when a button is pressed. Every button 
    in the list has the same fucntion associated with it. That function appends the button name to the comparison string and appends a * to the 
    print string. It sets the text of the label on the UI then waits for the user to press another button. 
    
    On pressing Clear, the program checks if the comparison string matches the code string. If it does, the page gets swapped and both variables
    get cleared. If it doesn't both variables get cleared but no page is shown. The clear button uses the same method when pressed. Every time 
    enter is pressed, the variables need to be cleared in order for the user to re-attempt if they get it wrong, or enter the code again if 
    they exit back to the main page. 
    
    When exiting advanced settings, the passcode variables get cleared again, just in case the user typed some numbers but didn't press enter 
    or clear. This is just to prevent any possible errors."""

"""
The audio mix popup only contains the UI element design. It doesn't include any control.
Control is determined by the level of the slider when it gets changed. When the user 
slides up or down, the control responds by setting the volume level in the 1808 switcher
to wherever the user left the level. 
"""

"""
Bluray Popup defines all of the UI buttons in the bluray popup.
It uses one list to set state of buttons when pressed. Otherwise
all control is handled in the blurayControl.py file.  
"""

"""
The main audio file defines the UI objects for the main page audio. This includes the 
speech volume, program volume, and mute buttons. Control for the up and down buttons
and mute control and feedback are in the mainAudioControl.py file. This file just
creates the objects being controlled and assigns status to the up and down button.
Mute status is based on response from the scalar after the button is pressed. 
"""