"""
This is the place to put control code for various types of systems (e.g. AV, Building Management).
The core purpose is for separation of concerns. Each concern should be as isolated as possible,
taking advantage of the framework structure and helper modules.

Examples:

* AV devices
* Building management systems
  * Lighting
  * HVAC
* Cloud Services
"""
"""
This file contains the control for the advanced settings page. Included are the instructions to the projectors 
for when the on or off button is pressed. These buttons utilize the subscribe status method to stay consistent with
the projector's power state. They are initialized with the current state at device connection via the readstatus() 
method call after their definitions. When any power command is sent (either on or off here, or on in the source 
selection page) the power status is updated using the update('power') this causes the subscribe status method 
to be activated and keeps the buttons consistent with th eactual status.

AV Mute uses a similar method but the only thing that changes the states is the advance settings blank image button. 
"""
"""
This file defines the BluRay control response. When a button is pressed, the matching command
is sent out. Buttons are named by commands to simplify the logic. Certain set commands take 
different arguments such as SetTransport() or SetMenuControl(). Using button names simplifies
the program and allows me to define different lists of buttons. If a matching button is found, 
it takes the name of that button and sends the command. The same goes for subtitle with my own defined 
SetSubtitle() command in the module file for the BluRay device. 

The disk tray is a special case. There is only an open and close command, but no way for me to know 
if the tray is already open or closed in the extron module. To work around this I define my own 
Tray commands, using the disk tray commands provided but based on status the device sends me. 

Using SendAndWait() I can ask the device for its status on some command, and assign the response to a variable. 
By decoding the variable I can check if a certain string is in the response and do something if it is. 
In this case if the tray is open, the device sends back a string with TTO included. There are more parts to the
string but that's the only difference between open and closed. Closed responds TTC. If the string returned 
has TTO in it, I send the tray command to close. Otherwise, I send the open command. 
"""
"""
This file is the biamp interfacing for the main page audio control. The up or down arrows will increment the level 
and the mute buttons mute it. The Biamp code has everything grouped together so only channel 1 needs to be affected. 
The instance tag refers to which type in the biamp program it is. For this code we use "MuteProgram" for program 
and "MuteSpeech" for speech reinforcement. The up or down arrows change "LevelProgram" and 
"LevelSpeech" in the biamp code. 

Using SubscribeStatus() keeps the consistency of the visual feedback. If the program is still 
muted after the user presses the button, the visual feedback will still display muted. The command 
to mute or unmute is sent on press, and the commands to change the state are handled by the 
feedback handler of the subscribe status call. There is no need to call update on press because 
this module handles updating its dictionary on its own. 
"""
"""
Source control: This file takes in the variables assigned values in the previous tlp file and makes all of the matrix 
tie commands.
The structure is as follows:
1. turn on the correct projector. Update the state for visual feedback in advanced settings. Output variable is the 
corresponding index of the button pressed from within the left right or center set. + 1 is added because index 0 
represents input 1 on the matrix. 
2. If the left or right board cams were selected, tie yuja (9 for left 10 for right) to projector, monitor, and yuja.
Yuja is used because left cam is on input 9 and right is on input 10
3. If the button is one of the center board cam set, add 9 to the index (0 or 1) and tie it to the same things
4. Otherwise it's one of the other inputs. Tie the output assigned to the projector, monitor, yuja, and surround sound
5. Finally, if the button is a bluray button, tie yuja to input 0 to handle errors caused by trying to send HDCP 
content to the yuja device. 

There is also the laptop connected feedback which is a SubscribeStatus() method call following the enpoint status 
of input 1. This changes the button to green and the text to connected when there's a connection made at the 
winder cable. Sub input 1 refers to input 1 on the transmitter box which is where the HDMI cable is plugged in. 
"""
